or add it I am sexy and I am rafita and
welcome to a video about dragon ball
it's a tribute to you already know that this is a
game that will come out for nintendo 3ds what
you are watching is part of a trailer
that has come out I can not put the trailer
full since Nintendo already know
how is nintendo with these things and see
if I saw her to bundle anyway of the
description you will have a link to the
trailer that is in Japanese because this one does not
will leave on June 11 in Japan still
it does not know if it will reach the territory of
America or Europe, please come
which I find very interesting to see no
it's no joke no better comes to the level
of the psp games but for my point
of view I find it very interesting and
striking because yes it does like a
little the effect of the old games
of gago a returns super nintendo to
less for my point of view but already
have been improved there is a detail
quite curious and is that with the
definitive will have super saiyans some
final goal that can reform in
super saiyan curious the less the
you have not seen much this was seen in
the beers movie but I do not think
I just had to have put in but there are yes
they want to put it on twitter there will be
transformation into in game this is very
well and a positive point compute to super
saiyan and fell that if I'm not wrong juan
for example the little one would have his
dam
of level 2 had a only appears in
his prey already so he had to have
transformations but the characters
let's say base then they will have their
transformation and you can transform
in the middle of the gameplay that's very good
goku super headquarters level has so
you see in the video only will appear
as last you will use let's say the last
and I 'm with super saiyans and that's a
little his presidency transformed the super
they are before and now the last and this already
happened in the super sonic warri warriors
who went out to play up say warrior
what sandro for came out for nintendo ds
where he had the final with super goku
Saiyan was like his own freedom
being a super face of mine here I suppose
what exactly else will happen
very curious detail is that it will appear
bard with super saiyan this seems to me
pretty curious will be base and you what
you can transform into super saiyan be
living in the image there will be more than
20 characters there will be 24 but well let's go
to analyze the 20 characters that are
I was super saiyan small second the
final plan bills vegeta piccolo
gotés napa ying jeou bard freezer guard
of young broli 618 ra dickey
cri link and goku super saiyan level
god for now there are 20 characters but in
there are really 24 and if we go to your page
web where we are having the characters
that are coming out
there are 24 holes or there are 4 more characters
that have not yet come to say I
I think your four characters will be
chilet to fight let's say against bard
and the other three characters will be the
new guru the new vegetable and the new
freezer transformation the truth is
that would be a campus they are not much
character but he's pretty interested in
the truth is they are not much nor neither
good time that I put if that I
I would have put having character
it would have been quite good another detail
what it has is that there will be many mushrooms
and that will be characters that will appear
to help you in the middle of the screen
this people who are already done what
they should have put the
I really would have liked a lot
this game had good character and
final will also include the vote of 2
if I'm not wrong for certain copies of
Japan
a detail that did not quite giving me a lot
is that it is not attended to covers much the
screen or occupy too much the
screen and you do not get your vision
of what he is doing in the middle of
gameplay removes our little things I think
that will be a good game and the truth is
what is it but please leave in
europe I think we will get at least
until Europe comes out good and in
america man that less will not leave until
that the new movie premieres
in Latin America and in Spain is that a
monkey in spain in europe until that
moment I think it will not come out let's say
this game for these places
I hope this video let's say and if it has
liked town in putting me the
comments if it has caught your attention
this game because for my point of view
it's quite interesting it 's very
striking this big game those who
support my channel this one in my house of
secondary did not know tonight
surely you will have some video my
main channel of call of duty if you give me
obviously upload it and if not
well I would have another day and I would have something of
sine bears possibly the listeners
videocracy those who support my channel and
live alive frizer because freezer because
yes man